[MUSIC]
>> Douglas Crockford: So,
we've gotten very close a couple of times.
It is concerned with Push.
It is concerned with a function
that will return this.
>> Speaker 2: So, I return this or
uses this, it's referring to.
>> Douglas Crockford: The array or
is it referring to vector?
>> Speaker 2: The array.
>> Douglas Crockford: So [INAUDIBLE]
through the length of [INAUDIBLE].
>> Speaker 3: If you push a function
onto If you append a function onto this.
You call that.
>> Speaker 3: Is it not passing
a function to one of these?
>> Douglas Crockford: Yes, it does.
>> Speaker 3: If that function
includes this inside of it and you call
that function what the scope of this?
They would be.
>> Douglas Crockford: It will depend on
how the function is called bit there are
four different ways to call a function and
what happens to this depends
on which form of call it is.
>> Speaker 3: We want it to be.
>> Douglas Crockford: You want it to be
the method form?
>> Speaker 3: What's
that look like?
>> Douglas Crockford: It looks
like a method invocation.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Speaker 4: The function could
assign this to a global.
>> Douglas Crockford: It could.
>> Douglas Crockford: Right, that's not so
and in fact that is a possible
way of exploiting this.
But it's not key to the attack.
>> Speaker 3: Okay, so
I passed in, I pushed on to the end of
the function which console logs this
zero and it's sending, it's getting,
it’s putting the first
joint in the array into the console.
>> Douglas Crockford: Right,
but they can get the first element
of the array simply by calling push.
>> Speaker 3: We want to hoard,
right?
>> Douglas Crockford: Not necessarily
the whole contents of the array but
the array object itself.
That's the thing that
we're trying to protect.
>> Speaker 3: Right, so I pass in a,
okay, got it.
>> Speaker 4: Can you call
this.this.array?
From a function that you pass in and
you're storing I don't think that's
poking around the construct
right past it all.
I'm sorry but it just struck instructor.
>> Douglas Crockford: That's not
to help you.
This by itself.
If you get it done correctly as
>> Speaker 5: So,
I don't have this bound correctly, but
I passed in a function that returns
a console log this bound that via get to
a variable and then call the variable.
That's returning the window object
getting on the right track or
not but
>> Douglas Crockford: No, it's not.
You can get to the window object
without calling it [CROSSTALK]
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 5: Thanks,
Douglas.
>> Speaker 3: All I do is push
a function on it returns this.
And so
now-
>> Speaker 3: Because I
need to know how many items sir, now I'm
gonna get this function here I guess I
need to know how many items are on it.
So like, so
now I have to actually choose store,
looks like.
>> Douglas Crockford: Right.
>> Speaker 3: So, I'm gonna store at
a position,
say five Function that returns this.
Now is all I have to call
is get five pairings and
the result of that's gonna be the array.
>> Douglas Crockford: No, it's not but
you're getting closer.
You do want to store your function
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Douglas Crockford: So, the thing you
haven't got yet is the value of i.
>> Speaker 3: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 3: We never got the value of i.
>> Douglas Crockford: Yeah,
there is a specific value
of i that makes this attack
work.
>> Speaker 5: Undefined?
>> Douglas Crockford: Nope.
>> Speaker 3: One?
>> Douglas Crockford: [LAUGH] No,
what will happen if you say negative one.
>> Speaker 3: I have no idea.
>> Douglas Crockford: Well, it'll take
the brackets.
Right, the brackets will say take that
number try to link it to a string you get
the string dash one and
then it will store a array dot dash one.
That's where it goes.
>> Speaker 3: JavaScript
objects don't fill in if you
set a really high number,
do they?
>> Douglas Crockford: Nope.
>> Speaker 3: Cuz they're not
really arrays.
>> Douglas Crockford: They're
really half arrays.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Speaker 6: Do we have to do the max
number.
That number.
>> Douglas Crockford: No.
>> Speaker 6: You're not trying to store
it current length plus one.
>> Douglas Crockford: No.
>> Speaker 3: You don't know the length.
>> Speaker 6: No,
you're right
>> Douglas Crockford: This is the way.
>> Speaker 6: So, is I we want to pass and
this to refer to the reaction.
>> Douglas Crockford: I'm sorry.
>> Speaker 6: Is I we want to pass and
this to refer to the Rapture.
>> Douglas Crockford: No,
you want the reference to this to
be in the function of the house.
>> Speaker 3: I don't know it seems to me
that you could, but
first of all you have to know that this
vector perhaps that it's an array
that you're dealing with,
I would think
>> Douglas Crockford: Right.
>> Speaker 3: If
you-
>> Douglas Crockford: We'll assume that
the autocracy is the source
code [CROSSTALK]
>> Speaker 3: You said an arbitrary value,
then you're obliterating
that arbitrary value, so
let's just choose a random number five.
First, you've gotta get five.
So, now you've got that.
Now, you can set five to this
function that returns the whole
array.
>> Douglas Crockford: Right.
>> Speaker 3: And then, if you need to fix
five in that array
with the woman you got the first time.
>> Douglas Crockford: Right.
>> Speaker 3: And now you've got the right
one but you don't don't.
>> Douglas Crockford: Not because
in order for
the binding of this to happen.
You have to call it as
a method in this context.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah, I'm just playing in
the console window here.
>> Speaker 3: Okay,
yeah.
>> Speaker 3: I'm not sure I remember,
obviously, things that you do.
Act like I put a new menu here.
>> Douglas Crockford: Right.
>> Speaker 6: So, there's a specific value
of i ever you need to store this function.
>> Douglas Crockford: Yes.
>> Speaker 6: Okay.
Trying to get
the maybe?
>> Douglas Crockford: Nope.
>> Douglas Crockford: So,
are you stumped?
>> Speaker 7: It's not undefined he said.
So [LAUGH]
>> Douglas Crockford: It's not undefined.
No?
>> Speaker 7: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 3: Null.
>> Douglas Crockford: it's not.
Its not null its not one.
>> Speaker 6: Could you pass it one of
the array functions like math?
>> Douglas Crockford: You can,
but that's not going to help you.
>> Speaker 3: Zero?
>> Douglas Crockford: It's not zero.
>> Speaker 3: How could some magic number,
hey come on.
>> Speaker 6: [LAUGH] Is it 42?
Is it three?
>> Speaker 7: Is it factor.prototype, or
something like that?
>> Douglas Crockford: Nope.
>> Speaker 7: It's not some
weird magic number.
>> Douglas Crockford: It's not a weird
magic number.
>> Speaker 7: Okay.
>> Speaker 6: 42.
>> Speaker 7: That's high.
That is very strange.
>> Douglas Crockford: In fact,
it's not even a number.
>> Speaker 3: Is it not a number?
>> Douglas Crockford: It is not not
a number.
>> Speaker 3: [LAUGH] It's a number!
>> Douglas Crockford: [LAUGH]
Not a number
is a number.
>> Speaker 7: So,
it is not a number, like NAN?
>> Speaker 3: No it's not NAN.
>> Douglas Crockford: No, it's
not NAN.
>> Speaker 3: How about function?
>> Speaker 7: I say we just go for
it, what do you guys think?
>> Speaker 3: Are you gonna
make him tell us?
>> Speaker 7: You
guys must have very serious hacking
>> Speaker 3: I can not give up
the answer, we could be here
all day Somebody Google it,
so we can pretend like we got it.
>> Speaker 7: After
overflow.
>> Speaker 6: [LAUGH] is eval
play anywhere in this.
>> Douglas Crockford: No,
we're not using eval.
That's a really good question.
Eval is full of trouble but that's,
we're not concerned about eval here.
>> Speaker 3: It is a string?
>> Douglas Crockford: It is a string.
>> Speaker 3: For
each.
>> Douglas Crockford: Nope.
>> Speaker 6: [LAUGH]
The empty string.
>> Douglas Crockford: So, it's not
the empty string.
>> Speaker 6: The string this?
>> Douglas Crockford: It is
not two string.
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH] It is not the string
this?
>> Douglas Crockford: It is not the string
this.
>> Speaker 7: This is a key,
this is.
>> Speaker 3: Is it
every?
>> Douglas Crockford: It is not
every.
>> Speaker 7: Not the string or
array.
>> Speaker 3: There's another function
that you can call an array.
>> Douglas Crockford: Yes.
>> Speaker 3: Well, okay,
is it
>> Douglas Crockford: Yes,
it is one of those.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Speaker 7: So, it has to be in array
method, it's push.
>> Douglas Crockford: It is
push.
>> Speaker 3: So,
you set.
>> Douglas Crockford: Right, so.
>> Speaker 3: You store push.
>> Douglas Crockford: We store push with
a function that has access to this.
So, then the question is, how do you
get that function to get called?
>> Speaker 3: You call a pen.
>> Douglas Crockford: You call a pen.
Ladies and gentlemen.
>> [APPLAUSE]